A horse and bug-gee is riding next to the buildings. 
The horse carriage is driving down the street.
A horse pulled carriage on a city street.
A horse drawn carriage drives down a brick road past several historic buildings.
a black horse is pulling some people in a cart and buildings
A young man is riding the giant waves on his board. 
A man who is on a surfboard riding a wave.
a surfer in a red shirt is surfing on a sunny day
This an above angle view of a surfer riding a wave.
A man is surfing a wave on his surfboard.
A man riding a skateboard down a set of steps.
A boy skateboarding on the street with concrete structures behind him.
A person on a skateboard rides on the pavement.
A young man that is riding his skateboard on a sidewalk. 
A man in a purple hat skateboards on the street.
A black microwave oven with toys sitting on top of it.
A black microwave with figurines on top of it
The tiny figurines are placed on the microwave.
a picture of toys on little plastic  pedestals 
Plastic objects sitting on top of a black microwave.
A green bench sitting on the side of a sidewalk.
a old green bench with a green chair beside it
a bench sits in front of a chair 
A green chair is sitting behind a green bench.
A green chair is next to a long bench.
A paperback book thats sitting on a desk with a skull shaped lamp.
Skull lamp, Dracula book, and bat clock displayed on a table.
A lamp decorated with skulls sitting on a wooden table beside a clock and book.
A skull themed lamp next to a vampire book and a clock.
a skull themed lamp on a table 
a group of cows standing on the side of a road.
A heard of cows walking around at the side of a road.
Cows and calves milling on a dirt road
Some cows are standing next to a dust road. 
A herd of cows are standing by a dirt road.
A vegetarian dish of food on a napkin
The plate is piled with rice next to a whole apple.
The food on this plate appears to consist of grains and vegetables.
a towl that has some food on the top
A plate of food with an apple and bowl of food on the side
A person on a motor bike doing a wheelie jump
A man riding a dirt bike is airborne after hitting a small jump. 
Motorcycle rider in the middle of the air while riding a dirt bike. 
A motocross person performing tricks on a dirt path. 
A man riding a dirt bike through a desert field.
A man holding a Nintendo Wii controller next to a pretty young girl holding another Nintendo Wii controller.
A man and his daughter playing a Wii game while the mother watches.
a man and girl playing wii together as a woman watches
Living room scene, man and young girl holding Wii controllers with sitting woman observing.
A man and a young girl playing video games